Administrators have a vital role in the organization. 
Their main task is to keep all the projects in all the Basecamp (BC) accounts up-to-date and to ensure that the people involved 
in the projects are engaged, and informed so that the projects can run smoothly and the deadlines are met.

RULE OF THUMB: There are multiple basecamp accounts (new_os, secual, ancar, storyteller, etc). Under these basecamp accounts are
multiple projects. Your admin duties are required in all the projects and basecamp accounts.

ADMIN DAY-TO-DAY RESPONSIBILITIES:

A. Do your daily workflow- these are tickets/to-dos assigned to you and Admin Role accounts. 
            follow: https://github.com/toukubo/new_os/blob/master/Roles/OS/YourDailyWorkflow.md

B.ALL BC ACCOUNTS:

1) Ensure that the to-do list in the TO-DO section in all basecamp accounts are assigned to the responsible person and with a set
due date.
2) If to-dos are not assigned, you need to assign it to the Internal Director so he can assign it to the right person in the team.

2) Follow-up with the responsible person for to-dos that are due. Change due date if advised to do so. For developers, require them
to set a timeline/duration to complete the tasks.

3) In the Events section of all basecamp account, check for the following:
            -Delayed events need to be followed up to the responsible person through discuss/comment box. Change the due date or
            close the to do, as advised.
            -Events need to be checked if it is in the right project/bc account. If it is not, move the event to the right project/bc account.
            
4) For every to-do, event, calendar, and text documents you create, you need to link them to the relevant files by adding the 
URL in the comment/discussion tab.

5) Calendar Synchronization 
            http://screencast.com/t/DNWUkkYFuAp
            https://www.evernote.com/shard/s372/sh/82015439-baa4-4a53-aa59-020d0befa130…
            
            How to:
            Go to project Calendar
            Click on any project from the Projects list
            Add a "New event"
               
               > Click on any date estimated for the start of the event
               > Rename the event exactly the same as the to-do list
               > Copy the URL of the to-do list and add it as an optional note.
               > Set estimated end date for tasks that last for multiple days
               > Email to the person that needs to be notified
               > Click "Add this event".
            Discuss the event
               > Click on the newly created event and hit Discuss this event...
               > Post the event URL as comment
               > Save changes.
            Note: For multiple tickets, no need to make an event for each but simply make one event and name it "Tickets" 
            and then paste the URL of each tickets as comments. 

6) Projects that are not inactive for the past 15 days (all to-dos are completed, no relevant current activity), may need to be
archived. Before archiving, post a discussion in the same project and request permission to the project creator if the project
can be archived. Once the project creator responds, then you go to the bottom of the project, click Project Settings, then choose
archive. (The find out who the project creator is, click the "see all updates" under Latest Project Updates section of the project).
          
B. INBOX of all Basecamp accounts: 
1) Check the Files section of the Inbox for the following:
            -newly uploaded DVs. These need to be labeled as:
                    a."English" if the dv is English; "Japanese" if it is in Japanese
                    b."Need to be transcribedd" or "No need to transcribe"
                    c.if the DV is for a person on the team, Admin Assistants should contact the person by clicking "Discuss file" 
                        and calling out the person's name in the comment box. Admin may also be required to create a Ticket and 
                        To-Do list for the contents of the DV if these are tasks.
            - DVs that are transcribed and posted in the Discussions section (and sometimes in the Text Documents section) 
            need to be proofread. 
                    a. A ticket needs to be raised in the To-Do section labeled as #Need to be Proofread. 
                    b. Under the #Need to be Proofread, create a list of to-do of transciptions which need to be proofread and 
                    assign to an Admin/yourself
            - Once you proofread the transcriptions under To-Do section, #Transcription for Proofreading, you need to create a text document of the edited version in the Text Document section. 
            - Move the proofread transcriptions in the right project (Use keywords in searching for the right project.
            
            - To-dos that are unassigned needs to be assigned to Interal Director first.The Internal Director will assign the 
            to-do to the right person in the team.
            - Request for a due date on to-dos that are assigned but no due date is set. Follow-up with the responsible person for delayed or due to-dos
            
            

